README.md, before:

# List of women fronted metalbands
A list of metal bands with women as lead vocalist (with focus on women that can growl)

![Header image written women fronted metal bands](/header-readme.png "Header")

This project is a list of the bands of diferent metal genres and also an way of me to pratice frontend. 

I didn’t add genres of the bands as some don’t have it on there websites and a lot of bands change with time, so instead of genre you can filter bands by how much growling the singer can / or usually do on the songs of the band.

---
## 📖 Features

### ✅ Done
- [x] Display list by table and grid
- [x] Filter data
- [x] Pagination
- [x] Download all data and filtered data in .csv format
- [x] Change page size
- [x] Show/Hide columns
### ✍️ Todo
- [ ] Use spotify / deezer API to:
  - [ ] Get image of the band
  - [ ] Be able to listen to a preview of a song on the page
- [ ] Graphs
- [ ] Publish on GitHub Pages

---

## 🧰 Tech Stack
// TODO
https://developers.deezer.com/api
https://api.deezer.com/artist/27
https://api.deezer.com/search/artist?q=otep&index=0&limit=2
https://api.deezer.com/track/2012155467
---

## 🚀 How to run locally
// TODO

Commit message:

feat & fix: addind start to using deezer api

README.md, after:

# List of women fronted metalbands
A list of metal bands with women as lead vocalist (with focus on women that can growl)

![Header image written women fronted metal bands](/header-readme.png "Header")

This project is a list of the bands of diferent metal genres and also an way of me to pratice frontend. 

I didn’t add genres of the bands as some don’t have it on there websites and a lot of bands change with time, so instead of genre you can filter bands by how much growling the singer can / or usually do on the songs of the band.

---
## 📖 Features

### ✅ Done
- [x] Display list by table and grid
- [x] Filter data
- [x] Pagination
- [x] Download all data and filtered data in .csv format
- [x] Change page size
- [x] Show/Hide columns
### ✍️ Todo
- [ ] Use deezer API to:
  - [ ] Get image of the band
  - [ ] Be able to listen to a preview of a song on the page
- [ ] Like songs and:
  - [ ]  export as csv
  - [ ]  using deezer api - create a new playlist and add list of liked songs
- [ ] Graphs
- [ ] Publish on GitHub Pages

---

## 🧰 Tech Stack
// TODO

---

## 🚀 How to run locally
// TODO
